this video is brought to you by three
bringing you 4G at no extra cost
hey guys welcome to be tech basil here
comparing the Sony experience at 3 with
the LG g3 the LG g3 has a 2k screen
that's really what separated it from the
crowd it's a massive 2k screen 5.5
inches with a pixel density of 538 the
sony xperia is at 3 however doesn't
offer the resolution instead it opts for
a slimmer chassis and an improved
battery camera experience across the
board we'll have to wait to get the
phone in for review before you can
confirm or deny any of that but what we
can do is give you a superficial
comparison of the two so pulling in the
LG g3 inch frame we can see first off
the difference is design you've got a
plastic body versus a metal body this is
most apparent when you look at the back
of the g3 it's a removable back despite
the folk metal finish it feels really
good for a plastic device but when you
do hold it alongside the Zed 3 that's
when the Zed threes premium factor
really does stand out the Zed 3 is also
available in a range of colors just like
the g3 if we're to like take a look at
key design elements on the front of the
experience at 3 you've got stereo
speakers up top and bottom underneath
some groups you've got on-screen buttons
and a front-facing camera similar kind
of setup save for the stereo speakers to
the LG g3 on the right-hand side no
buttons on the LG g3 but you do have a
micro SD card slot and a micro SIM slot
on the Sony experience at three power
button volume rocker and a two stage
camera button which we've pressed very
nice spongy and it has click feedback
perfect you've also got a new rounded
corner system on the Xperia z3 what this
means is that if you were to drop your
experience at 3 smash you're actually
going to have that more rubberized
section absorb the impact so it probably
won't dents as readily on the base of
the LG g3 you've got a 3.5 ml jack and a
micro USB connector on the left no
buttons on the LG g3 you've got on the
Sony Xperia z3 a magnetic dock connector
alone'd connector and a micro USB
charging connector up at the top
3.5 ml headphone jack on the zed 3 and
an infrared blaster on the LG g3
flipping it round and you've got some
key differences in terms of the cameras
you've got a 13 megapixel optical image
stabilized sensor with a
you'll flash one one one call on the lg
g3 you've also got laser autofocus but
pin point precision it does focus very
quickly and does really well in our
tests on the sony xperia ev3 you've got
twenty point seven megapixel sensor with
new improved wide angle of twenty five
millimeters and you've got an improved
ISO rating the world's first smartphone
camera apparently have an ISO of 128,000
I've also got a flash
NFC contact points across both and a
loudspeaker at the base of the LG g3
pulling the front Center frame and you
can very clearly see you've got some
different user interfaces despite the
fact they both run Android both have
horizontally scrolling home screens LG
has this really quirky smart tips
section which is kind of like blinkfeed
type my magazine UX type of thing but it
does none of what they do Sony's opted
for entirely traditional you just have
home screens that you can add or remove
which feels significantly lighter
whether it is or isn't is a different
story
pull down the notifications tray you can
see brightness controls in the LG g3 as
well as volume controls and you've also
got some toggles at the top of the
screen
you've got quick settings toggles at the
top of the LG g3 by flipping to the
quick settings option as far as the
applications tray goes horizontally
scrolling list as you can see on both we
do have an overview so you can control
how everything looks on the Sony Xperia
z3 whereas your widgets overview is on
tab on the LG g3 we can also long press
the LG g3 in order to add widgets that
way and this is also how we can control
our wallpaper all in all the Android
experience is going to be very
subjective you can apply themes across
both you can really shake them up change
the wallpaper but generally speaking
you're gonna get everything in terms of
app support from one as you would on the
other except for PlayStation 4 support
the Sun experience ed 3 introduces
remote ps4 streaming so if you have your
PlayStation 4 hooked up TV off you can
still scream via Wi-Fi to this screen
and that is recommended for use on the
same Wi-Fi network but it will also work
across different Wi-Fi networks as far
as the hardware goes you've got cool con
Snapdragon processors in both
no one's coughed at 2.5 gigahertz three
gigabytes of RAM
although the Sony experience had three
it's only available with three gig
where's that LG g3 is available with
three gig or two gig depending on the
variant you get the 16 or 32gb variant
both microsd expandable both have Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi direct Bluetooth 4.0 etc you can
also expect cap for LTE on both so
connectivity is going to be very similar
safe for that ps4 functionality like we
said all in all the screen is still
unsurpassed on the lg g3 and the Sony
experience that 3 won't appeal to anyone
who has bought an LG g3 as a replacement
obviously unless you've obviously got
that PlayStation 4 but the sony express
said 3 is a welcome addition for anyone
who maybe has an lg g2 or anyone who
wants to upgrade from the Sony
experience that is wonderful hopefully
you've enjoyed our side-by-side
comparison if you have make sure you
click that like button if you like the
channel make sure that you subscribe and
if you've got any questions about either
the LG g3 or the sony xperia z3
buy them in the comment section below
thanks for watching